Build out README and CONTRIBUTING docs (#21)
boa-dev/temporal: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Temporal in Rust

This project is currently highly experimental and fairly volitile. As such, while we do
welcome contributions, we'd like to ask that you reach out on an issue first to ensure
that that feature is not currently being actively worked on, and so that we can create
a tracking issue (if needed) and assign that issue to you.

> We'd like to kindly ask to refrain from any unsolicited or unassigned Pull Requests at this time.

Author: Yeah, the wording is a bit too harsh.

If you're interested in helping out but don't see an issue that's for you, please feel free to contact
us on the `Boa` discord.

## Contributor Information

`Temporal` is a new date/time API that is being developed and proposed for the `ECMAScript`
specification. This library aims to be a `Rust` implementation of that specification.

> Due to the current experimental nature of the material and this library, we would ask that
> potential contributors familiarize themselves with the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the current experimental nature of the material and this library, we would
advise potential contributors to familiarize themselves with the Temporal specification.
```
